Word5 Source Code
-----------------

The source code for Word5 may be bundled with some binary packages but is also
available as a standalone package. Bundled packages don't include a copy of the
data files since they are already included as part of the binary distribution.


Dependencies
------------

Word5 is built using GCC, a freely available set of tools. If you are trying
to build Word5 then most likely you are using a platform which has GCC
available. Make sure you have it installed before proceeding.

Word5 uses some external libraries that you will need to have installed
before trying to build it. These are:

	* Allegro 5.2 (https://liballeg.org)

You will also need to enable these add-ons:

	* Audio
	* Audio Codec with Ogg Vorbis support through libogg and libvorbis.
	* Font
	* Image with PNG support
	* TTF
	* Primitives
	* Memfile
	* Dialog
	* Color
	* Main
	* PhysFS

Once you have all of these things installed, you are ready to build Word5.


Building
--------

Use the following commands to build Word5:

	cd /source_package_folder/src
	make

This will compile all of the source code and put an executable file in the
'bin' folder if all goes well.

If something fails, you may need to modify the 'makefile.config' located in the
'src' folder to inform the build system of the specifics of your development
environment.

Note: to build the Windows version you'll need to install MSYS2
(https://www.msys2.org) to get the required tools and install the needed
dependencies.


Installing On Linux
-------------------

You can install Word5 for all users on your Linux system with the following
command (run from 'src' folder):

  sudo make install

This will install the program's executable, data, and launcher to the
appropriate places on your system.

If you wish to uninstall, run the following command from the 'src' folder:

  sudo make uninstall


Installing On MacOS
-------------------

Once you have successfully built the game, you can create an application bundle
by running 'make mac_bundle'. This will create 'Word5.app' in the 'packages'
folder. Drag this application bundle to the 'Applications' folder to install
the game.


Installing On Windows
---------------------

Once you have successfully built the game, create a shortcut in the location of
your choosing pointing to the 'word5.exe' executable file in the 'bin' folder.
Make sure the working directory is set to the 'bin' folder that contains
'word5.exe' so it can find the data files needed to run the game.


Troubleshooting
---------------

If you have any trouble building Word5 and would like assistance, feel free to
contact us at care@tcubedsoftware.com.
